Well, if there are indeed some among us who doubt this truth, then, in the name of justice, they should absolutely call upon those blessed to contribute, rather than attempting to snatch away what little those most in need cling to. And let's not even begin to think that tonight, the unfortunate and oppressed in our nation are left to languish in solitude, their hopes dimmed. Wow, just think, hundreds of their servants and protectors are right here before me tonight, in this magnificent Chamber. The Great Society, it marches us forward along three pivotal paths: growth, justice, and liberation. Firstly, we've got growth – it's the national prosperity that not only uplifts our people's well-being but also furnishes us with the tools for progress. Tonight, I can share something you've likely seen with your own eyes in every town and countryside. Workers are earning more than ever, with after-tax income soaring by 33 percent over the past 5 years, and hey, just last year, it jumped by 8 percent. More folks are employed than at any previous point in our history – last year saw a whopping increase of 2 1/2 million jobs. Corporations are enjoying the highest after-tax profits on record. Over the last five years, these earnings have skyrocketed by over 65 percent, and just last year, they surged by 20 percent. Over these five years, it's up by 40 percent, and over just the past year, it shot up by 22 percent. This afternoon, the esteemed Secretary of the Treasury informed me, his preliminary estimates suggest that our balance of payments deficit has dramatically shrunk from $2.8 billion in 1964 to, believe it or not, $1.3 billion, or even less, in 1965. This monumental achievement was made possible by the patriotic voluntary cooperation of businessmen and bankers, working hand in hand with your Government. Now, we must band together with even greater urgency to completely eradicate this balance of payments deficit in the coming year. And as our economy propels toward new peaks, we must heighten our guard against the inflation that hikes up living costs and diminishes every family's savings in our land. To curb inflation, it's critical that we request both labor and business to practice restraint in prices and wages, and I'm making that plea once again tonight. I believe it's necessary, given the uptick in military spending, that you momentarily reinstate the automobile and certain telephone excise tax reductions that were just eliminated 12 days ago. Without resorting to tax hikes or even bumping up the total tax bill, we ought to refine our withholding system to enable Americans to pay as they go more effectively, expedite corporate tax collections, and introduce other essential simplifications to the tax framework promptly.